// This is a file for research. Put your name and then your research following it

Sara:
For the skin care app there is this website (http://www.healthcentral.com/skin-care/c/1443/161252/10-skin-care-apps/)
that introduces 10 apps for skin care. Among these ten there was one that was close to
shannon's idea:
Love my Skin:

"An app to promote awareness of skin cancer. You can “tap” on a section of the body 
to highlight any moles you want to watch in the future.
 You can enter descriptions and details and then update each time
 you do a skin self-check, tracking any changes.
 Available for iPad and iPhone. Free"

Although the idea seems really close it didn't mention anywhere that the app itself
can actually do image processing.
There is also another app which is for iphone too named Skin Tracker that 
I think is exactly what we wanted to make. Here is the link for that:
https://itunes.apple.com/ca/app/skin-tracker/id497322842?mt=8
and this was its description:

"Analyse your skin disease by tracking your daily food, medicine, stress-level and feeling. Take photos of the affected 
areas of your skin and track its development towards total healing. Also see the progress of the disease and the healing 
process in a graphical analysis. Export the data and take it with you to medical consultations. This app supports you to 
analyse possible reasons for your skin disease. It is a helpful tracker in case of a dietary change to get your skin cured.
 The app provides a basic food setup of what might be good for you to eat and what kind of food you should rather avoid."

Both of these apps are for iphone though. Other than these there was a Skin Scan and
Skin cancer app which were iphone apps too here is the link:(http://internetmedicine.com/dermatology-apps/).
So maybe we can make an app for android?
I found this app for android: first derm: Dermatology Online but it basically take pictures
and send them anonymously to a doctor and see what to do next.
Of course as the prof said we shouldn't think about the way we are doing it at the first stage but I was just wondering
if making an android app would be considered as a new product?
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Nikita:

I think SkinTracker is more of tracker different diseases. Shannon's idea is to track products

The healthcare website  doesn't have any app similiar to  that

Shannon idea  is to track different products for a given disease and rank them accordingly. 

This website has points which we should consider for tracking products 
http://www.paulaschoice.com/expert-advice/skin-care-basics/_/stopping-unwanted-reactions-to-skincare-products

In terms of deliverable
Product:
SkinCare  Product Tracker
Users: 
People switching  between skincare products
Problem solved:
Deciding which product works best for  us by try and testing it once. This app tracks the info so next time we have the problem we already know the solution

Overall the idea is good. There can be more additional features.

In terms of technology. I would be more happy with iOS.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Shannon:
Skin care app
Nikita is right on track (but I think we can steal some ideas from that Skin Tracker app Sara found). The app I have in mind is more
geared towards helping people set a skincare routine to tackle their issues. The users can specify what skin concerns they have (such as 
acne, blackheads, eczema etc.) and then what products they are currently using to try to treat their conditions. So it would sort of be 
like a journal where they can either post pictures of their problem areas daily/weekly however often they want, and/or write it out as a 
journal entry describing their skin or how they’re liking the products so far. 

I tried searching the Google play store and I couldn’t find any android apps like this (but I will do a more thorough search later for 
mobile apps in general). The closest one I can find is called Skincare Sidekick but it’s geared towards salons and spa trying to keep 
track of their client’s skin condition.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Sebastian:
I started to do a little bit of user research about what people, in particular millenials, are looking for when they choose between skin products.
After reading the paper I suggest that we have two different pathways to take in our product.
1.Most Common Products:
	We could have a journal for any normal individual who uses facial creams, moisturizers, fairness creams and day/night creams.
	In order to track their progress and how their skin responds to the different products on a daily basis.
	These products focus on fighting pimples,stress and worry lines and also wrinkles for ageing population. 
2.Specialty Products:
	We could also have a product that helps patients track their progress when they are suffering from a given skin condition.
	There are many skin illnesses out there that require treatment and doctors are worried about how their patients are doing with the particular product they recommended. 
	This could be more like integrating the idea I had to bring doctors and patients together, but focusing only on dermathologists and skin cancer or another skin illness.
	

Opportunities:
Also, there is a recent trend for men skin care products. Since women have been the main target for these companies now men are getting into the market and keen to spend on skin care.
So, I would suggest to make the system inclusive for both genders since it can be valuable for both.However men are more drawn to technical functional things, according to the paper. 


Another thing that I found interesting is that skin care products have low penetration in urban and rural markets because if its price in most cases but also due to ignorance of the population. 

All this information is taken from: http://www.ccsenet.org/journal/index.php/ijms/article/viewFile/17698/11901

We would want to know what our user group is mostly interested about in terms of tracking products for their day-to-day behaviour
and how to create a compellng UX that motivates them to use it regularly.

Group Meeting, Thursday Oct 6 -
-Relationship between User and Doctor 
-Weekly Ranking of Best Skin Care  Products for particlar skin  issues
-For user  to  user  interaction:  provide user blogs  (mutual stories)
The blogging is on a volunteer basis.

Daily basis products?
Two  categories  - Basic Skincare ,  Severe problem

The people who don't want to track can see mutual stories.

Story thing is a later thing.

Choose out of top 10 problems. 

Notifications 

Saving feature  so you can track your problems again.

Also suggestions in the beginning. 

Target specific users

Technology - Android +  Web server

Target Users - 1) Severe skin issues or concerns people  (not specific gender targeted)
		2)  People who want to track their  skincare products
		3) Dermatologists
		
Why would someone use our product?
Someone want to see progress in their skin. Their is no such app in  the  market. To learn from different user experiences.

What are users using today to solve their problem?
- Keeping Pictures
-  A diary app
2 hour  planning meeting next week + 1 review  meeting

User  Personas
-   Severe skincare issue
	(girl)
-  Casual person
  (guy)
- Dermatologist
  ( any one)
  
  Another Suggestion  feature 
  - Inform  user if a product  has an  ingredient they are allergic to.
  
  
Nikita Update
After discussing the idea with a friend and thinking more about it. I found that our user stories blog should not be optional instead we    should mention to the user while they are making their profile that certain parts of the product usage and experience would be used to create user stories, because if we keep to the users most of them wouldn't care to write and hence we would end up in no stories. So extracting stories from their profiles is a better option. 

-------------------
Sara Update
Ten most common skin concerns:
1.Acne(Acne vulgaris)
2.Atopic dermatitis (Eczema):dry scaly and itchy skin that scratching might lead
to a thickened area.
3.Shingles(Herpes Zoster):caused by the same virus as chickenpox
4.Hives(Urticaria):Raised red itchy areas like bug bites
5.Sunburn
6.Contact Dermatitis: a type of eczema and may come from plants,
jewerly,latex gloves, or bleach or soaps.
7.Age or liver spots: flat brown blotches usually on old people's skin
8.Rosacea:chronic swelling of the face with redness prominent blood vessels and
pimples.
9.Athlet's Foot(Tinea Pedis):fungal infections.can lead to extreme itching redness and 
cracked skin on the feet.
10. Basal Cell Carcinoma:the most common type of skin cancer
other problems: scars,birthmarks, spider and varicose veins, stretch marks(after rapid 
weight gain for example), white spots,ingrown hairs and moles
links:http://www.lifescript.com/health/centers/skin/tips/top_10_womens_skin_problems_solved.aspx
https://www.drugs.com/slideshow/most-common-skin-conditions-1086


